[Bug Fix] Correct the monthly summary active metrics (#8)
fivetran/dbt_workday: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_workday v0.2.1
[PR #8](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_workday/pull/8) includes the following changes:

## Bug Fixes

> - We have modified the logic in our `workday__monthly_summary` to segment out inactive employees within our monthly employee and worker active metrics.

Author: Updated.

# dbt_workday v0.3.0
[PR #8](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_workday/pull/8) includes the following changes:

  ## Breaking Changes

>   - We have modified the logic in our `workday__monthly_summary` to segment out inactive employees within our monthly employee and worker active metrics.
>     - Now utilize the `is_active` filter to account for employees who are active at the end of a month. We then filter them into active employee and worker metrics, particularly all `active_*` and `avg_*` fields. 
>     - This new logic should now account for employees that move between active and inactive states while still being employed, so that `avg_days_as_employee` and `avg_days_as_worker` are properly calculated.

Reviewer: Some wording suggestions:
```suggestion
  - Updated the `workday__monthly_summary` model to segment out inactive employees within the monthly employee and worker active metrics.
    - The model now utilizes the `is_active` field to filter employees who are active at the end of a month, which are further filtered into active employee and worker metrics, particularly all `active_*` and `avg_*` fields. 
    - This new logic accounts for employees that move between active and inactive states while still being employed, so `avg_days_as_employee` and `avg_days_as_worker` are properly calculated.
```

>   - We have modified the logic in our `workday__monthly_summary` to segment out inactive employees within our monthly employee and worker active metrics.
>     - Now utilize the `is_active` filter to account for employees who are active at the end of a month. We then filter them into active employee and worker metrics, particularly all `active_*` and `avg_*` fields. 
>     - This new logic should now account for employees that move between active and inactive states while still being employed, so that `avg_days_as_employee` and `avg_days_as_worker` are properly calculated.
>     - Removed existing conditions for active metrics as they only handled a subset of employee/worker cases, whereas `is_active` appears to provide more comprehensive coverage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Updated the `workday__monthly_summary` model to segment out inactive employees within the monthly employee and worker active metrics.
    - The model now utilizes the `is_active` field to filter employees who are active at the end of a month, which are further filtered into active employee and worker metrics, particularly all `active_*` and `avg_*` fields. 
    - This new logic accounts for employees that move between active and inactive states while still being employed, so `avg_days_as_employee` and `avg_days_as_worker` are properly calculated.
    - Removed existing conditions for active metrics as they only handled a subset of employee/worker cases, whereas `is_active` appears to provide more comprehensive coverage.
```
